In this lecture, we are going to look at contexts and directives, a directive is an instruction and
it consists of an option and an option value.
A directive ends in a semi colon server name is the option domain dot com and w w w dot domain dot com
is the option value ending in a semicolon.
That line is the server name directive.
A context is also a directive, but it encloses other directives in its block.
If you look at events to the right of events, we have a open curly bracket underneath the open curly
bracket.
We have the Worker Connections Directive.
Underneath we have the closed curly bracket.
That is the events context.
Context contains other directives.
What's important to remember is that directives can only be placed in the context that they were meant
for in the event you place a directive in the wrong context.
Engine X will produce an error on testing the configuration.
There are five main contexts, main events, HTP server and location.
The main context is the only context not contained within the context WLOX.
The context blocks are indicated by the open and closed curly brackets.
The main context is used to configure details that affect the entire Ingenix application.
The events context, the events context is contained within the main context.
It sets global options that affect how Ingenix handles connections.
The HTP context is contained within the main context, the HTP context enables an configures the HTP
service in Ingenix.
The server context is contained within the HTP context, the server context contains the configuration
for virtual hosts in Engine X terms of virtual host is referred to as the server block.
The location context is contained within the server context, the location context lets you configure
how Engine X will respond to requests for resources within the server, you can clearly see how the
location context is contained within the server context.
When we look at the five main engine X contexts, we have main events and HTP inside the HTP context.
You have the server context, inside the server context, you have the location context.
When you look at this diagram, the server context is a child of HTP and the location context is a child
of the server context.
When we start working with Ingenix configuration files, you may find that you have the same directive
inside the HTP context and the server context.
When you work with Engine X, a directive in a child context will override the parent context so child
context can override the directives in the parent context.
In this lecture we looked at contexts and directives with reference to Engine X.